# 002

### What We Did 
- Create Window, on WinMain callback function.
- Create MainWindowCallback to deal with messages recieved by window
- Register window on RegisterClass(Window)
- We create a HandleWindow make something with the window.
- We consume messages from the queue.
- We deal with WM_PAINT to get something on the window, using BeginPaint and EndPaint 
  Also we will paint it with PatBlt(), like rl.ClearBackground();


### Calling conventions
We can see some functions that have some decoration on its signature.
- A callback function is a function that is called by another function, in our case it is called 
  by the OS.
- We also have Windows API, but no idea yet.


### Notes

- The name of the fields in a struct does not matter, matter its type, ergo we can work
  with them with other names.

- When we use MainWindowCallback that function deals with the messages that a WDCLASS recieves.
  We will deal with them, but for some messages we will use default procedure using: 
    DefWindowProc(Window, Message, WParam, VParam)

- A Device Context is a sturct that defines a set of graphic objects and its attributes, as well 
  as graphic modes that will affect the output

- When we create an app windows creates a queue for us where it and other stuff will send messages
  for us to consume with GetMessage()

- A static variable is locally scoped but just initialized the first time. It will retain its state
  just inside of its scope.

MDSN DOCS: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/winuser/ns-winuser-wndclassa
