# 002
### What We Did 
- Deal with WM_QUIT with PostQuitMessage(), that sends a message to the messagequeue from our window.
- Change, now we deal with global variable. 
- We will not use Gdi (graphics library from windows).
- We will ask windows for a buffer where we will declare a bitmap that we will render on screen for that:
  1. We will make a function called a func ResizeDIBSection(), that means *Device Independent Bitmap*, and is a thing that we can write into, that we can display using Gdi. We will call it every time we get a WM_SIZE,
  2. We need the new size of the window, for that we use GetClientRect(window, lprect)bool
  3. We will use CreateDIBSection to get a bitmap which can be resized. 
  4. We will use S3tretchDIBits to copy rectangle to rectangle, frame to frame. In this case, rectangles can be from different sizes, that is why we have 2 sets of (X,Y,Width,Height), one for the window, and another for the buffer, for now, it will be the same.
    - Usage can be DIB_PAL_COLORS or DIB_RGB_COLORS, the first one uses a table of paletized colors and makes direct references to them, it is lighter than the second one (used on the old days and texture compression), that is just RGB colors. 
    !> [!IMPORTANT] We will use BitBlt to do the allocation of the DeviceContext, explanation at the start of HandmadeHero004
  5. We declare a new BitmapInfo inside of ResizeDIBSection
  6. We need to deicide if we are going to copy and free the bitmapBuffer first or we are going to free first.
  7. We made the BitmapInfo global, which sets everything to 0, that is why not every field from the struct is initialized explicitly.
  8. CreateDIBSection requires a DeviceContext, we will get one from CreateCompatibleDC(0), that we will need to release, or keep it



### Notes
- WM_QUIT returns 0 value on GetMessage()
- Think about freeing resources and memory in waves, not individually, not everything needs a destructor specially when a program is being finished. It makes worse user experience.
- A static function defined in a function is defined just one time despise the num of times we initialize it
- Static variables are initialized to 0
- Use of #define static local_persist, internal_func and global_variableto understand the scope of each variable
- Use Win32 infront of functions so make it clear which functions are yours and for which system.


#### References 
- Check HandmadeHero003 minute 57 for small run over the code. 
- Also check Q&A
