# 004
## What We Did 
-  In this case we wont need to create a handler for the bitmap and a extra Handler for device context to pass to it. We will need to allocate the  memory instead of let windows do it for us, for it we need to know amount of memory.
- We will use 4 bytes, 3 per RGB, and one for padding, because then, it will be align with the multiple of 4 bytes with 32 bits wordsize, which can cause performance issues in X86 architectures. Then we will get of those pixels per pixel on screen (WINDOWHEIGHT * WINDOWSWIDTH) * 4
  We will use VirtualAlloc() to get the memory allocated, which uses pages for memory allocation, the OS will take care of the loading and track of the pages. There is 2 modes, commit and reserve, the second one is used so the OS know but does not load or track the memory yet.
- The bmiHeader.biHeight will be negative because that will affect the way it is drawn on the screen, in this case it will be drawn from top left to right top to botom.
- We will cast the BitmapMemory to a uint8 because we need it to go through all the bytes of BitmapMemory using pointer arithmetic. 8 bits is the size of every field from the pixel struct+padding.
- We write the bits on memory.
- We changed the function GetMessageA for PeekMessage(..., PM_REMOVE), because GetMessageA takes the control from us if there are no messages.
- We check if the message is a quit message from windows. 
```C
	  if (Message.message == WM_QUIT){
          TranslateMessage(&Message);
          DispatchMessage(&Message);
	    }
```

### Writting bits on memory
We are writting the bits on the pixel using pointer arithmetic:
```C
    // Not good (result is BLUE not RED), because of the little endian architecture.
    // Pixel in memory: RR GG BB xx
    int Pitch = Width * BytesPerPixel;
      uint8 *Row = (uint8 *)BitmapMemory;
      for (int Y = 0; Y < BitmapHeight; Y++) {
        uint8 *Pixel = (uint8 *)Row;
        for (int X = 0; X < BitmapWidth; X++) {
            *Pixel = 255;
            ++Pixel

            *Pixel = 0;
            ++Pixel

            *Pixel = 0;
            ++Pixel

            *Pixel = 0;
            ++Pixel
        }

        Row += Pitch;
      }
 
```
The people that wrote windows did not like little indian so they did this because they wanted to see the *natural* order on the cpu registers.
:| Architecture  | Bits disposition |
| -------------- | --------------- |
| Big endian | OxRRGGBBXX |
| Little endian | OxXXBBGGRR |
| Windows API | OxXXRRGGBB |




## Notes
- We can change the Memory Protection Constants of our page to PAGE_NOACCESS, to deal with pointers hanging to our page, which are hard to spot.
- The types imported from stdint.h always give back the same size, if a unsigned were used, it would be different size in 32 and 64 systems.
- We can chop down values casting them to smaller values, ej: we have a uint64 that can be 7543, we can cast it to uint8 and it will have same effect as getting its 255 module.
- The error **LINK : fatal error LNK1168: no se puede abrir handmade.exe para escritura** means that the program is running, so it cannot open it. 

#### References 

